right bodies navin broke on the wood
not get to the Christmas trees well, and covered
rubble all man parameter in
contusions and again 2 broke to drink wine
flew over codes were still
true from post riga part of my tag once
cellar he went rasp it you here
and him if there is a truce regime
Note bunch you pobachyly yet here we are
truth repent
licoris shear blowing elk on to give
this term is new and mine is time for us
on the door and abaya's heart she appoints
my fault and caesar assign an accuracy to
new papa wine breaking new
directed from the commander that I took
Maca all broke up the basement to the water by 10
the evening the terrorists died down already thought
still the absence of aged
cooking appliances will be ceded Opiskin
they are not sunk
and ski tracks after 10 icons violated but we
volunteer positions have big flew
Sochi could occupy the whole essence and oduvan
well there is a relay of 30 million on pepsi bent
legs and through not profit them ashe and we on
need to come in go fill up pull
put a niche code now he will say on
the mix is brought 10 thousand and wait 2
although on premiums and without shelling in tuba
praise 15 night black, she's new
I would like to have a student with a call sign
they spend us so lads he just
on scary before is mixing
in the mouth protecting your Ukraine in the mouth
work in your mouth every mind visit
volunteers fold roses trudge on
just pick up the cat if u pinochet
terrorists choking nothing sands near
cha dark and calm but fronte
with new shorts and you shoes or
bursting the sound of mortars 120 gauge
then lublin and zbroi difficulty and
the wagon to blow stories and keep on remain
in terms of hearing about the operation
tell all how tekken treason is changing
do not feel it is impossible the way of shooting
try to shoot at those places yaks
changing and changing media volunteers
mounted anti-tank grenade launcher
beat off the runway area of ​​the airport
there are infuriated by the enemy
concentrating head off military equipment
blast now they will gather something
heavy there the return line will arrive
already going to leave Donetsk
areas
Ulyanovsk Sergey Klymenko Channel 5